Practice Handwriting/README.md, before:

# PracticeHandwriting

PracticeHandwriting, as the name suggests is an app that allows kids to practice their handwriting. Kids would be shown the boundary of a letter/word/number and they would have to trace it out and try and maximize their score by staying in the boundary. Some of its key features are

  - Haptic and visual feedback for wrong traces
  - Freehand (borderless tracing) to see how you do without boundaries
  - Time Trial Mode where you have to trace random letters/words in a given time limit

This app has been developed by [Vignesh Prasad](http://researchweb.iiit.ac.in/~vignesh.prasad).
### Acknowledgements
A lot of the code is inspired by [TrazeMaze](https://github.com/priyankasuresh/TrazeMaze) which was initially developed by [Priyanka Suresh](https://github.com/priyankasuresh). 
Other libraries used include
- [FButton](https://github.com/hoang8f/android-flat-button) developed by [Le Van Hoang](https://github.com/hoang8f)
- [Floating Action Button Library](https://github.com/shell-software/fab) developed by [Shell Software](https://github.com/shell-software)
- [Universal Image Loader](https://github.com/nostra13/Android-Universal-Image-Loader) developed by [Sergey Tarasevich](https://github.com/nostra13)
- The tracing engine was developed using [this](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/android-sdk-create-a-drawing-app-touch-interaction--mobile-19202) tutorial 
### Todos
 - Write Tests
 - Improve Freehand score calculation


### License
Copyright (c) 2014, BuildmLearn Contributors listed at http://buildmlearn.org/people/
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of the BuildmLearn nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Fixed Screen Rotation, updated code structure and readme

Practice Handwriting/README.md, after:

# PracticeHandwriting

PracticeHandwriting, as the name suggests is an app that allows kids to practice their handwriting. Kids would be shown the boundary of a letter/word/number and they would have to trace it out and try and maximize their score by staying in the boundary. Some of its key features are

  - Haptic and visual feedback for wrong traces
  - Freehand (borderless tracing) to see how you do without boundaries
  - Time Trial Mode where you have to trace random letters/words in a given time limit

This app has been developed by [Vignesh Prasad](http://researchweb.iiit.ac.in/~vignesh.prasad).
### Acknowledgements
Parts of the code are inspired by [TrazeMaze](https://github.com/priyankasuresh/TrazeMaze) which was initially developed by [Priyanka Suresh](https://github.com/priyankasuresh). 
Other libraries used include
- [FButton](https://github.com/hoang8f/android-flat-button) developed by [Le Van Hoang](https://github.com/hoang8f)
- [Floating Action Button Library](https://github.com/shell-software/fab) developed by [Shell Software](https://github.com/shell-software)
- [Universal Image Loader](https://github.com/nostra13/Android-Universal-Image-Loader) developed by [Sergey Tarasevich](https://github.com/nostra13)
- The tracing engine was developed using [this](http://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/android-sdk-create-a-drawing-app-touch-interaction--mobile-19202) tutorial 

### Todos
 - Improve Freehand score calculation
 - Fix practice screen crashes for high resolution devices


### License
Copyright (c) 2014, BuildmLearn Contributors listed at http://buildmlearn.org/people/
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
  list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of the BuildmLearn nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
  this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
